Add docs to describe manual upgrade from k8s V1 --> V2 (#280)
OctopusDeploy/helm-charts: charts/kubernetes-agent/migrations.md

# Migrations

> ## Version 1 --> 2

Reviewer: A small preamble before this heading about what the migrations are and why they are needed. Just to give some context to the rest of this doc

### Overview

> Version 2 of the Kubernetes-agent Helm chart was created to allow the agent to be used as a scalable worker
> by an OctopusDeploy instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 2 of the Kubernetes agent was created to allow the agent to be used as a scalable worker in Octopus Server. As the chart can now be installed in two different scenario's (deployment target or worker), changes were made to the `values.yaml` structure.
```

> To support this change, deploymentTarget specific Values were moved under a deploymentTarget specific parent node in `values.yml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make it clearer which values apply to which scenario, certain Deployment Target specific values were moved under a `deploymentTarget` specific parent nodes in `values.yml`.
```

This change in structure, demands a manual process to move your existing values to the new shape when upgrading from
v1 to v2.

Specifically, the following data items have been moved:
* agent.targetName => agent.name
* agent.targetEnvironments => agent.deploymentTarget.initial.environments
* agent.defaultNamespace => agent.deploymentTarget.initial.defaultNamespace
* agent.targetRoles => agent.deploymentTarget.initial.tags
* agent.targetTenantTags => agent.deploymentTarget.initial.tenantTag
* agent.targetTenants => agent.deploymentTarget.initial.tenants
* agent.targetTenantedDeploymentParticipation => agent.deploymentTarget.initial.targetTenantedDeploymentParticipation

> * agent.scriptPods.image => agent.scriptPods.deploymentTarget.image (child-fields are unchanged)

Reviewer: Can we do this as a table... Something like `From | To | Comments`, it'll just make it easier to grok

The following value must be set during the upgrade:
* agent.deploymentTarget.enabled: true

### Steps

1. Fetch overriden values from your installed agent
```
RELEASE=theagent

> NAMESPACE=octopus-agent-$RELEASE

Reviewer: Minor nit but they don't _have_ to have `octopus-agent-$RELEASE`, so I'd just let input their namespace directly.
Maybe a line here about where in the Octopus Server UI they can get these values if they need to?

the `values.yaml` structure.

To make it clearer which values apply to which scenario, certain Deployment Target specific values were moved under
a `deploymentTarget` specific parent nodes in `values.yml`.

This change in structure, demands a manual process to move your existing values to the new shape when upgrading from
v1 to v2.

Specifically, the following data items have been moved:

| From                                        | To                                                                        | Comment                                               |
|---------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| agent.targetName                            | agent.name                                                                | Generalised name, as may be worker or target          |
| agent.targetEnvironments                    | agent.deploymentTarget.initial.environments                               | N/A                                                   |

> | agent.defaultNamespace                      | agent.deploymentTarget.initial.defaultNamespace                           | Nay be unset - can be ignored if null                 |                                           

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| agent.defaultNamespace                      | agent.deploymentTarget.initial.defaultNamespace                           | May be unset - can be ignored if null                 |                                           
```

| agent.targetRoles                           | agent.deploymentTarget.initial.tags                                       | In 2024.3 target roles have been replaced with 'tags' |                                              
| agent.targetTenantTags                      | agent.deploymentTarget.initial.tenantTag                                  | May be unset - can be ignored if null.                |                                       
| agent.targetTenants                         | agent.deploymentTarget.initial.tenants                                    | May be unset - can be ignored if null.                |                                        
| agent.targetTenantedDeploymentParticipation | agent.deploymentTarget.initial.<br/>targetTenantedDeploymentParticipation | May be unset - can be ignored if null.                |
| agent.scriptPods.image                      | agent.scriptPods.deploymentTarget.image                                   | Child fields are unchanged                            |

The following value must be set during the upgrade:

| Value name | Value | Comment |
|--|--|--|

> |agent.deploymentTarget.enabled | true | Specifies the helm install should act as a deployment target (not worker) |

Reviewer: Maybe this should be above the changes, because it's required

### Steps

1. Fetch overriden values from your installed agent

```

> # Release and namespace can be found in Octopus Server, on the 'Connectivity' page of the DeploymentTarget being upgraded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Release and namespace can be found in Octopus Server, on the 'Connectivity' page of the Deployment Target being upgraded
```
